[v9] UIP-767: new spacing classes (#372)
cbinsights/form-design-system: CHANGELOG.md

- TextInput: 
  - `hasError` prop added to enable the input error state without passing `errorText`
  - `isLabelBold` prop added to allow label to be bolded
- Added `x` and `y` directions to spacing classes (e.g. `margin--y`)

> - Added new end value for spacing classes: `1`, `2`, `3 (default)`, `4`, and `5`, which correspond to pixel values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new end value for spacing classes: `xs`, `s`, `m (default)`, `l`, and `xl`, which correspond to pixel values
```

Author: thanks for catch this
